[Durable Objects] Hibernatable WebSockets -> just WebSockets. (#10674)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/durable-objects/api/websockets-api.md

---
title: WebSockets API
pcx_content_type: concept
weight: 16
---

{{<beta>}}WebSockets API{{</beta>}}

The WebSockets API allows a Durable Object to manage clients connected over a WebSocket, enabling you to build real-time, multiplayer and/or broadcast messaging architectures on top of Durable Objects.

Durable Objects WebSockets support includes:

* Cloudflare-specific extensions to the standard WebSocket interface.
* Related methods on the `state` of the Durable Object. 
* Handler methods that a Durable Object can implement for processing WebSocket events.

> The WebSockets API enables you to terminate (not proxy) WebSocket connections within a Durable Object, and push messages to all connected clients based on state stored within the [Transactional Storage API](/durable-objects/api/transactional-storage-api/), HTTP fetches to external services, and/or data stored in [R2](/r2/) and [Workers KV](/workers/runtime-apis/kv/).

Reviewer: Why change to "WebSockets" from Hibernatable? DOs can act as a client or a proxy for the normal websocket API, I think this would be misleading.

Author: Right — I've removed "Hibernatable" here as we _only_ have this doc right now, and the intro paragraph talks specifically about Hibernatable WebSockets only.

We ultimately need examples for both DO's WS API and then general WS proxy use-case.

Reviewer 2: @elithrar do we want to rename the socket everywhere in the DO docs?

### `webSocketMessage()` handler method

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

> Note that logging via `console.log` or related methods is currently a no-op within the `webSocketMessage`, `webSocketClose` and `webSocketError` methods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Logging via `console.log()` or related methods is currently a no operation within the `webSocketMessage()`, `webSocketClose()` and `webSocketError()` methods.
```
